Improve README introduction and project description (#35)
OpenCIDN/ocimirror: README.md

# ocimirror

> **ocimirror** is an OCI (Open Container Initiative) image registry mirror and proxy, providing a transparent caching layer for container images. It's part of the OpenCIDN (Open Container Image Delivery Network) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**ocimirror** is an [OCI (Open Container Initiative)](https://opencontainers.org/) image registry mirror and proxy, providing a transparent caching layer for container images.
```
